Splunk py raise timezone exception (#27316)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/Integrations/SplunkPy/README.md

    | Use Splunk Clock Time For Fetch |  | False |
    | Parse Raw Part of Notable Events |  | False |
    | Replace with Underscore in Incident Fields |  | False |

>     | Timezone of the Splunk server, in minutes. For example, if GMT is gmt +3, set timezone to +180. For UTC, set the timezone to 0. Relevant only for fetching and mirroring notable events. Most be specified when mirroring is enabled. |  | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Timezone of the Splunk server, in minutes. For example, if GMT is gmt +3, set timezone to +180. For UTC, set the timezone to 0. This is relevant only for fetching and mirroring notable events. It Must be specified when mirroring is enabled. |  | False |
```
